[fingerprint] Add fingerprintignore to README (#25582)
expo/expo: packages/@expo/fingerprint/README.md

bf8a3b08935f056270b1688333b02f1ef5fa25bf
```

### diffFingerprintChangesAsync

> Differentiate given `fingerprint` with the current project fingerprint state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Diff the given `fingerprint` with the current project fingerprint state
```

]
```

### diffFingerprints

> Differentiate two fingerprints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the diff between two fingerprints
```

`npx @expo/fingerprint /path/to/projectRoot fingerprint.json`

## Customizations

### Include or exclude extra files in the **.fingerprintignore** file

> The fingerprint library has a default [`DEFAULT_IGNORE_PATHS`](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/packages/%40expo/fingerprint/src/Options.ts#L9) to keep hashing speed and fingerprint result stability. If the default setup does not fit your workflow, you can either include or exclude files in a **.fingerprintignore** file inside your project root. The syntax of **.fingerprintignore** is similar to [.gitignore](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore#_pattern_format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default paths [`DEFAULT_IGNORE_PATHS`](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/packages/%40expo/fingerprint/src/Options.ts#L9) are designed for speed of hashing and for fingerprint result stability. If the default setup does not fit your workflow, you can either include or exclude files in a **.fingerprintignore** file inside your project root. The syntax of **.fingerprintignore** is similar to [**.gitignore**](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore#_pattern_format).
```

Reviewer: are there any differences between the fingerprintignore and gitignore syntax that we should point out?
